My name is zhuqingfa, my hometown is Shandong Province, Weifang City. I am an optimistic person, like to participate in interesting activities, like to make friends, but also obsessed with computer technology at the same time. I'm going to introduce myself from my favorite music, basketball, and professional skills.

My favorite singers are Jay Chou and Tayler swift. 2005, the first year I met Jay Chou. It was a dry weather makes people do not want to speak in the summer, the corner store has never been so few songs back and forth cycle, I go to school from home to catch, passing to see that big bearded boss on seat back and I do not know what he was intoxicated. Passing by vaguely heard a few words, melody and my appetite. At that time, music was just a dispensable thing for me. Until the day after school, I stopped at the corner of the shop that I had never seen before, and broke the balance between me and music, and made it come into my life. I was glad that the song was heard at noon, and from the boss know this song called "sunny", since then, I love the song of Jay Chou.I believe that after a few decades, I still like the song of Jay Chou, because not only his songs are good, but more importantly, the song also has my youth.The reason why I like Tayler is very simple. Her songs are very cheerful and enjoyable.


I started playing basketball from junior high school. At the beginning of the students just followed the blind shot, especially a lot of free time in the school, friends love to play with them to play, at the beginning of three step layup is not, shooting is to throw, then slowly will hit, also became his hobby, when high school, this kind of love to the peak, almost every night after school to play basketball, and later to three, the time is tight, slowly also rarely play basketball, but the rest time in the playground watching others play is great. Playing basketball can not only exercise, but also let you know a lot of new friends.For example, last month, the college graduate basketball game, let me know a lot of new friends, although the results of the game is not ideal, but the process is still very happy. Basketball is a team sport, not only you are very strong, you can lead the team to victory, the most important thing is the cooperation between the teams.



My major is computer technology. As a computer major, the first thing to learn is English, because many of the technical documents are in English, if not good English will affect your technical growth. Then you have to have a good mathematical foundation. It's easy for people who are not good at math to program. It's just like being in jail. Then we need to learn about design patterns, operating systems, data structures, algorithms, compiling principles, and computer architecture. These are all basic courses in computer science. Finally, you have to master multiple languages, such as Java, python, C/C++, PHP, javascript. When you learn that, you can become a qualified programmer. I love the most is the language of python, there is a famous saying, life is short, I use python, this word is summed up the advantages of python, it is simple, easy to learn, easy to use.



To sum up, this is my favorite three things, through the above description, you can also see what kind of person I am. Let me say it myself, I'm a person who likes to break through myself, like to touch new things, and like art.



